Mary Kastner: Hi.
Mary Kastner: I'm Mary Kastner I'm the screw up today. Apologize for all this.
Daniel Mcquillen: Okay, you're not sure what
Mary Kastner: Is your video on
Daniel Mcquillen: Know, here it is.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good, good. You know, you were on for nine o'clock, and I think for somehow when my schedule printed out it printed you out at the bottom of the list.
Mary Kastner: And I just took it at 1130, you know, so I apologize.
Daniel Mcquillen: Okay, I'm night.
Mary Kastner: I'm bringing it out from my
Mary Kastner: From my phone. Instead of, you know, from the bigger computer. And I think that kind of screws up the, I don't know.
Daniel Mcquillen: Graphics of it. Oh, yeah.
Mary Kastner: So anyway, what can I do for you today. You have been so patient
Daniel Mcquillen: I'm I'm interested in getting into your Suboxone program.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. Well, we can do that pretty easily.
Mary Kastner: Tell me why. Why do you need the Suboxone program.
Daniel Mcquillen: So,
Daniel Mcquillen: I have some issues and I broke my ankle pretty severely
Daniel Mcquillen: About seven years ago.
Daniel Mcquillen: Had a few surgeries on it.
Daniel Mcquillen: And I'm supposed to have another one. But I have several young children that I attend to, and
Daniel Mcquillen: I the what they had told me with the surgery is that I would be in faceted for, like, seven months from six to eight months or something.
Daniel Mcquillen: Where I would be mobile and then crutches on crutches and that would be pretty difficult for me right now with my young children.
Mary Kastner: Are you doing
Mary Kastner: Are you the sole parent or
Daniel Mcquillen: No I their mother is here, too, but she works. She works full time and I do to actually work and
Daniel Mcquillen: Just be really difficult to go through the surgery right now.
Daniel Mcquillen: But I also, I'm not sure if it's related to my ankle or not.
Daniel Mcquillen: Like I've been having some pretty bad back problems too.
Daniel Mcquillen: And I did go to my primary care for physician and
Daniel Mcquillen: He prescribed me some like muscle relaxers and things and for for that. And this was probably maybe a year ago, year and a half ago, but
Daniel Mcquillen: I don't know, it seems to be an ongoing issue like
Daniel Mcquillen: I don't know how to explain it.
Daniel Mcquillen: Like when I when I wake up in the morning. I have a really, really hard time like getting out of bed and like
Daniel Mcquillen: as the day goes on, it kind of loosens up and I do feel better, but like in the morning in the evening times is really, really difficult for me.
Daniel Mcquillen: And
Daniel Mcquillen: In another thing is I do have a history of dependency and I wanted to be honest about that.
Daniel Mcquillen: I was on pain medication for several years because of my ankle.
Daniel Mcquillen: And I like I said, I have three small children in my home, and I don't want to go back to opioid use and I heard a
Daniel Mcquillen: Boxing program and and and I was interested in that.
Mary Kastner: So tell me about your history of opiate use
Daniel Mcquillen: Um,
Daniel Mcquillen: It's, it's
Daniel Mcquillen: I wouldn't say it was severe. I mean, I was abusing them pretty pretty well you know
Mary Kastner: What what opiates, were you using
Daniel Mcquillen: Like a lot of Percocet and
Daniel Mcquillen: Things like that.
Mary Kastner: And when was
Daniel Mcquillen: The last time I was prescribed him. I want to say maybe was a couple years ago.
Mm hmm.
Daniel Mcquillen: And
Mary Kastner: Taking taking more than prescribed
Daniel Mcquillen: Well, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay and so
Mary Kastner: What your ankle. You had a problem in with your ankle when, when did you hurt your ankle.
Daniel Mcquillen: Want to say it was a 2013
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And so they have recommended
Mary Kastner: Ever since it in. Hmm.
Daniel Mcquillen: Well, I did have to two surgeries done over the course of like maybe a couple years.
Daniel Mcquillen: There I had hardware hardware in there that they removed right for you. I'm sorry. My daughter just woke up.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm so sorry. Cuz you would have been done by now.
Mary Kastner: Gosh.
Daniel Mcquillen: I wasn't sure what was going on.
Daniel Mcquillen: I was just waiting and waiting
Daniel Mcquillen: I wasn't sure.
Daniel Mcquillen: That I've never done this. Yeah. So how old are your children.
Mary Kastner: Should have been right.
Mary Kastner: Right away.
Daniel Mcquillen: She's about to turn three and I have a eight year old or a seven year old and a
Daniel Mcquillen: four year old.
Mary Kastner: Wow, you are busy and your wife is
Mary Kastner: working days.
Daniel Mcquillen: Yes.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what kind of work did you do
Daniel Mcquillen: I'm actually worked at a preschool.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So are you working now.
Daniel Mcquillen: From home I'm working from home now.
Mary Kastner: So you have kids come to your house or what
Daniel Mcquillen: No, no, we're, we're
Daniel Mcquillen: Because of the current situation we're providing educational packets for, like, it's like a Dropbox kind of thing.
Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so anyway, you had to you hurt your ankle in 2013 you had two surgeries. One of them was
Mary Kastner: Some hardware that they put in
Daniel Mcquillen: Yeah.
And
Mary Kastner: Then they are recommending more surgery.
Daniel Mcquillen: Yeah, they
Daniel Mcquillen: Yeah, they recommended I can't, I can't remember exactly. I think it was like a fusion they recommended a fusion or a
Daniel Mcquillen: Artificial bone to be put in there.
Mm hmm.
Daniel Mcquillen: So not
Mary Kastner: So do you think that your, your back issue is related a little bit to your
Mary Kastner: To your ankle.
Daniel Mcquillen: And you know I have thought that previously because I mean I've had issues when I was younger, but they were always related to something like a strain or lifting something or pursuing something
Daniel Mcquillen: Um, and now it just seems like I
Daniel Mcquillen: I can't find an excuse for why my back hurts so bad. You know, I don't do anything out of the normal and I
Daniel Mcquillen: Haven't thought of that, like maybe because I walked it for, you know,
Daniel Mcquillen: A high my ankle. I don't know if it's like related that way or something. I don't, I don't know.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so what is your pain level today.
Daniel Mcquillen: Um,
Daniel Mcquillen: I think it varies. It varies. At times like when I wake up in the morning is it's very painful to get out of bed like extremely painful and as I move around more and more attentive were some job and then
Daniel Mcquillen: I find it like sitting for long periods of time or not moving like it's like going on a trip in a bar or something and I'm sitting in
Daniel Mcquillen: After sitting for a while and then trying to move around. Again, it's it's really bad.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so what is it
Mary Kastner: What is it right now.
Daniel Mcquillen: Right now it's, I would say, is like the six or something because I have been kind of barely active this morning, not very but
Daniel Mcquillen: In and some days are better than others like
Daniel Mcquillen: Some days it won't be as bad. And then there are days where I mean I have a lot of trouble. I have to force myself to
Daniel Mcquillen: Do normal everyday things, you know, like, getting up and taking a shower or
Daniel Mcquillen: Things like that, because my my bag actually starting to hurt worse than my foot on some days.
Mary Kastner: So 10 being the worst you've ever had of pain. Where's your pain, what your pain number right now.
Daniel Mcquillen: Right now.
Daniel Mcquillen: I would say it's like at a six or seven
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: HAVE YOU EVER YOU SAID YOU BACK IN 2013 you were on some different pain medicines and you would overuse the Percocet.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever used IV opiates.
Daniel Mcquillen: No.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and they want to do surgery right now on your ankle, but you don't quite know what kind of surgery. It is
Daniel Mcquillen: Yeah, they recommended it.
Daniel Mcquillen: They gave
Daniel Mcquillen: Me gave me two options. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And what would they
Daniel Mcquillen: Have fusion for an artificial bone.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you just are delaying that because of the the work situation with your wife gone during the day and you have to take care of the kids especially now with the school being out
Daniel Mcquillen: Yeah.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any depression or anxiety.
Daniel Mcquillen: No, really.
Mary Kastner: I don't think. Okay, okay, great, and any other medical problems other than your back in your foot.
Daniel Mcquillen: No. Not at the moment.
Mary Kastner: Do you know what the diagnosis is on your back.
Daniel Mcquillen: Um,
Daniel Mcquillen: I don't have the papers here with me. But the only thing I can remember is the guy said it was
Daniel Mcquillen: A non psychotic or something.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Daniel Mcquillen: What when I did have the conversation with him.
Daniel Mcquillen: At the time,
Daniel Mcquillen: I think we we had established that I might may have a strained it from mowing the lawn or something.
Daniel Mcquillen: And I
Daniel Mcquillen: Took it back and never
Daniel Mcquillen: haven't gone back
Daniel Mcquillen: To that doctor
Daniel Mcquillen: But I you know I can. I'm pretty
Daniel Mcquillen: Pretty confident
Daniel Mcquillen: It's an ongoing issue or not.
Daniel Mcquillen: Like
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So, um, what you are asking for us for this pain.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to ask them to appoint you to
Mary Kastner: Our pain program.
Mary Kastner: And see
Mary Kastner: Where we can go from there.
Mary Kastner: I'm sending that message right now. So I don't see you as a opiate use disorder patient. I don't see you as a mental health patient definitely you have chronic pain that may or may not be served with some surgical intervention which is basically out of the question for you right now.
Mary Kastner: We don't want you to get into using anything that would
Mary Kastner: Make you have an opiate use disorder. So we want to be able to help you with pain so that doesn't happen. Do you take any medication right now.
Daniel Mcquillen: I've been like I have like a morning routine where I have to take a lot of lot of like Tylenol.
Daniel Mcquillen: And it's helped from days and some days are
Daniel Mcquillen: Good. Like, I take Tylenol.
Daniel Mcquillen: Just over the counter. I've been broken like
Daniel Mcquillen: Some days I take two Tylenol and then
Daniel Mcquillen: Some days it works. And then other days, I have to take it with ibuprofen.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. So, some days you take two Tylenol with an ibuprofen.
Daniel Mcquillen: Yeah, I take them both at the same time, like every, every morning.
Mary Kastner: Every morning, and what are the dosages on a
Mary Kastner: Tylenol. Is it the extra strength or the regular
Daniel Mcquillen: Is the extra strength. It's actually the arthritis and get the arthritis.
Mary Kastner: And then what's the, what's the dosage on your
Mary Kastner: On your ibuprofen.
Daniel Mcquillen: Think, dude. They're 200 milligram once three three or four other time.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then, how often do you do that.
Daniel Mcquillen: Um it once in the morning, for sure. And then probably later in the afternoon or or and before I go to bed.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so basically you're getting a lot of a set amount of fin so
Mary Kastner: So I'm thinking that you're you're getting you know too much you need to lower your Extra Strength Tylenol to one.
Mary Kastner: If you combine that with your ibuprofen.
Mary Kastner: Because you're taking four of those, that's an 800 which is OK.
Mary Kastner: And then if you took the Tylenol. That's another 500
Mary Kastner: So that's 1300. And if you do that three times a day, you're getting you're getting your max dose.
Daniel Mcquillen: You don't want to cause liver problems.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: This is this is serious. You do not want to cross over.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so basically what I'm recommending is that we get you to
Mary Kastner: Refer over to our
Mary Kastner: Pain program.
Mary Kastner: You're not taking any other medication, but those two things. Correct.
Daniel Mcquillen: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And is your sleep. Alright.
Daniel Mcquillen: Um, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: How many hours do you think you get at night.
Daniel Mcquillen: Very
Daniel Mcquillen: Varies Lately it's been a pretty normal.
Mary Kastner: Normal meaning six or eight hours.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm gonna let you go and take care of your kids.
Mary Kastner: You will be hearing from one of us.
Regarding the
Daniel Mcquillen: The pain referral.
Mary Kastner: For the intake for pain.
Mary Kastner: Any other medical problems. Daniel that we didn't talk about
Daniel Mcquillen: No, I think that covers it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, and no psychiatric problems.
Mary Kastner: Just a lot of stress with the pain and all the childcare and everything.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Yeah, lots of hurting yourself.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Well, Daniel wait to hear from one of us to set you up with that appointment.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you take care and thanks for your patience today.
Daniel Mcquillen: Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
What
Daniel Mcquillen: Thank you.
Mary Kastner: Bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And that was very patient management kind of dictate it was sort of odd because it's three kids woke up and we he had an early appointment that I didn't catch in my schedule so
Mary Kastner: It was a little disjointed. His name is Daniel mcquillan Mr n 4168 he came to us wanting to get on Suboxone he would, he wants to do this for chronic pain. He has an ankle injury in 2013 he had a surgery and it needed to be
Mary Kastner: redone and some of the hardware taken out after he fractured his ankle at that time he had some
Mary Kastner: Years, where he overused a prescription Percocet. He's never had a bona fide opiate use disorder with other increasing tolerance and increasing use
Mary Kastner: But he was concerned about that happening. So we would like to get on some Suboxone for the pain. So we're going to refer him to the pain program and let them do the intake. He denies any psychiatric symptoms. He has medical problems with both the ankle and back pain.
Mary Kastner: Non sciatic back pain. He has a lot of stress. He has children home from school due to the covert
Mary Kastner: Quarantine and ages seven four and three. He's the primary caretaker during the day, while his wife works, and he tries to do some work at home doing educational packets for preschool that he works at he is
Mary Kastner: No depression or anxiety is sleepy says is adequate, but it's pain is up to seven out attend today is pH q nine was five which is mild Judy seven five mild audit see five Destin five
Mary Kastner: He is taking medication to Extra Strength Tylenol and for 200 milligrams ibuprofen up to three times a day, which would put him well over the limit
Mary Kastner: Set a mannequin and put stress on his liver. So he's advice to lower that to one Extra Strength Tylenol with his for 200 milligrams ibuprofen, if he's going to take that three times a day.
Mary Kastner: He denied any other medical or psychiatric problems. He was on time for its initial visit and was very patient waiting in the waiting room and
Mary Kastner: For over half an hour. By the way, which I apologize for
Mary Kastner: Mental Status. He seemed functionally independent and cognitively
Mary Kastner: His cognitive function intact. He's oriented place circumstance.
Mary Kastner: And situation in date is mood and an effect where I'm
Mary Kastner: A full and youth dynamic, he appeared to stated he was Kashi dressed with male pattern balding but well groomed.
Mary Kastner: shaved head.
Mary Kastner: Speech rate and volume coherent and normal thought press appropriate for age developed knows normal content logical non tangential know hallucinations, delusions noted insight and reflection. Today's it system adequate Ross was negative, other than a pain.
Mary Kastner: I would say
Mary Kastner: He's a low suicide risk at know ideation no plan, no history.
Mary Kastner: So the plan is for us to refer him to our pain program and
Mary Kastner: Okay, that's it. Thank you very much.